Eric Davis & Monis Khan
Team 6 SAS


1. We have thought about a collaborative todo list web application.  Users are assigned roles and can specify their skillset.  There will be multiple 'teams' of users, who will be able to create todo lists for projects. These list will be able to be filled with a granular level of detail, and the list elements could be complete sublist to themselves. These todo lists will be able to visualise both the project as a whole and completeness by generating gantt charts. When a task is marked complete by a member it needs to be signed off on by a team leader.This data generated from the list, can be used to better evaluate estimate of work on projects, how productive each member of the team is, and how well teams distribute work. 


1. Because of down time at some jobs, there is a need for short term projects for 2 hours to a days worth of work. We envision a system where there are two kinds of users, people who need work, and people who have projects. The people that need work will have their published skillsets and be able to post a message when they need work and for how long they are available. The users that have project will be notified if there is a post by someone needing work, and will be able to look over the skillsets and time available to see if it is a good fit. If it is they will contact them with the job information and have them work on it. After the programer has done the work, the project manager would be able to look over the code and mark that portion of the project as complete.


1. Image battery technology improves to the point that a small portable device never needs to be recharged (perhaps it is power by your motion, etc).  Enter wearables.  Such an improvement would allow us to never take off our wearables, and these devices could create a constant stream of data for use in analytics, BI, etc.  Example scenario: a group of people who are working together are wearing devices that are constantly feeding data about them and their current context to a central server.  This server will aggregate the data from the team and use it to help the team be more productive.  It could determine if a set of people work better at night and then instruct those people to work together at those hours (and same for people who work better in the morning).  It could notice if the team is undergoing a high amount of stress and encourage users to back away from the problem (i.e. if there is a lot of stress before a deadline, that is ok because people are trying to get this done.  If there is no deadline approaching, then it means that the team is arguing and it may be a good time to go get some coffee).  This scenario would be interesting for a team that is distributed across the globe, because the central server could help the team members have a better understanding of each other (i.e. it could help fill in the context that loss due to distance or cultural barriers).  Ideally, the wearables would be able to maintain their state information for a while, in case they lost network connectivity (the state would still need timestamps and context info).